Academic Honesty Policy
Academic Affairs Policies

Membership in the Franklin & Marshall community involves obligations of personal and academic integrity, and members of our community are bound by ideals of scholarly conduct and intellectual honesty. We expect our students to be honest and forthright in representing their work and its origins. Adherence to these norms is at the core of our academic mission and is necessary for the educational benefits we seek to convey. Conversely, violations undermine our shared purpose.

It is the responsibility of faculty members to explain the importance of academic integrity in their courses. This can include, but is not limited to, providing written expectations of these guidelines in the syllabus and explicit instructions for assignments, e.g., what level of collaboration is acceptable. It is the responsibility of the student to be aware of and abide by the standards set by the faculty member in each course. Ignorance of the standards is not an excuse and intent is not a factor in determining responsibility for misconduct.

The failure to meet these obligations of personal and academic integrity results in academic misconduct, which includes, but is not limited to, the following.

Unauthorized aid—making use of prohibited materials, study guides, or other assistance in an academic exercise, for example:

accessing prohibited material during an examination,

obtaining test questions before an exam is given,

looking up solutions to homework problems online,

obtaining the solution to a problem from a classmate, or

collaborating on work that is assigned individually.

Plagiarism—reproducing the work or ideas of others and claiming them as your own, for example:

claiming authorship of a piece of writing or artwork created by someone else,

making use of ideas obtained from other sources (including classmates) without clearly acknowledging the source, or

incorporating verbatim passages or elements from an existing work into one’s own work without quotation marks or otherwise clear indication of authorship.

Falsifying information—making false statements or fabricating information in an academic exercise, for example:

inventing data or sources for an assignment,

lying to obtain an extension or other favorable consideration, or

submitting work completed in another class for credit without the express permission of the instructor.

Unethical interference—interfering with or undermining the work of others to gain unfair advantage, for example:

inappropriately limiting other students’ access to relevant materials,

tampering with others students’ submissions or grades,

purposely undermining the success of collaborative work, or

interfering with other students’ scholarship by creating inhospitable work conditions.

Facilitating misconduct—helping others commit acts of academic misconduct, for example:

completing another student’s work,

providing a solution or other prohibited material to another student, or

lying to help another student gain advantage or conceal wrongdoing.

When a faculty member suspects that a student is responsible for academic misconduct, the faculty member will refer the case to the Office of Student Affairs for administrative action.  

If the student is found to be responsible for academic misconduct, a disciplinary status ranging from a warning to expulsion will be assigned. The faculty member will decide upon a grading penalty up to a failing grade in the course. After receiving a sanction, the student may not elect the Pass/ No Pass option in that course without the permission of the Dean of Students. In the case of a student who has already chosen the Pass/No Pass option, the Registrar will rescind that option, unless the Dean of Students permits it to remain. If assigned an F in the course as a result of the academic misconduct, the student cannot withdraw from the course without the permission of the faculty member.

--------
Policy Maintained by: Registrar's Office, College Registrar
Last Updated: August 26, 2024
Smoking on College Premises Policy
Health & Wellness Policies

In order to promote the health and safety, comfort, and well-being of all members of the College community, Franklin & Marshall prohibits smoking:

inside all buildings on campus, including academic and administrative buildings, the Alumni Sports and Fitness Center, and the Steinman College Center,

in all indoor public areas and restrooms,

in shared as well as private offices,

in College Houses / residence halls,

at all indoor and outdoor athletic events,

inside College vans, chartered buses, or other College vehicles used for mass transportation,

within 30 feet of the entrance or exit to any administrative or academic building on campus, and within 30 feet of windows and air intakes.

Lighted smoking materials and electronic cigarettes ("e-cigarettes") are not permitted in any indoor areas of the College, including offices, conference rooms, dining areas, libraries, theaters, break rooms, restrooms, warehouses, garages, and Houses / residence halls, as well as in College vans and other College vehicles.

Smokers are expected to dispose of smoking materials properly and safely in trash receptacles provided for this purpose.

This policy pertains to students, faculty and professional staff, contracted service personnel and vendors, and campus visitors.

Alcohol Policy for Faculty and Professional Staff
Scope-- All alcoholic beverages fall within the scope of this policy.

Prohibited Conduct-- The following is prohibited conduct:

The use of alcoholic beverages by an employee on College premises, except at a College event properly approved and scheduled according to College policies governing such activities.

The transport of any item within the scope of this policy, either on one's person or in a vehicle while on College business or on College premises, or while operating College-owned or College-leased vehicles or equipment, except in conjunction with a College event properly approved and scheduled according to College policies governing such activities. The use of alcoholic beverages by an employee while not on College time or premises, if the employee reports to work under the influence of alcohol, or the employee's work performance is affected by the use of alcohol.

The failure to notify Franklin & Marshall College's Human Resources office of any alcohol-related conviction, within five days of the conviction, resulting from a violation while on College premises or while engaged in professional activities on behalf of the College.

Violations of local, state, and federal laws pertaining to the manufacture, distribution, possession, or use of alcohol, including providing alcohol to a Franklin & Marshall student or other individual who is under age 21.

Pennsylvania State Law
All persons while in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania are subject to the Pennsylvania Liquor and Penal Code. It is illegal for anyone who has not reached the age of 21 to possess, transport, or drink alcoholic beverages in Pennsylvania. The law also prohibits the selling or furnishing of alcoholic beverages of any kind to persons under 21 years of age by any agency or any person. "Furnish" is defined as: To supply, give, or provide to, or allow a minor to possess on premises or property owned or controlled by the person charged (Pennsylvania Crimes Code, 1986). In addition, it is unlawful to misrepresent one's age to any person to obtain alcoholic beverages or to represent to any person that a minor is of age.

Drug Policy for Faculty and Professional Staff
Scope-- All illegal drug use falls within the scope of this policy.

Prohibited Conduct-- The following is prohibited conduct:

The unlawful manufacture, distribution, possession, or use of a controlled substance(s) in any facility or worksite of Franklin & Marshall College.

The transport of an illegal drug, either on one's person or in a vehicle while on College business or on College premises, or while operating College-owned or College-leased vehicles or equipment.

The use of an illegal substance by an employee while not on College time or premises, if the employee reports to work under the influence, or the employee's work performance is affected by the illegal use of a drug.

The failure to notify Franklin & Marshall College of any drug-related conviction, within 5 days of the conviction, resulting from a violation while on College premises or while engaged in professional activities on behalf of the College. Based on provisions of the Drug-Free Workplace Act of 1988, any College employee who is convicted of any drug-related crime in the workplace must notify the Franklin & Marshall Human Resources office within 5 days of the conviction. Notification of such conviction is a mandatory condition for continued employment. Any employee convicted of any drug-related crime in the workplace will be subject to corrective action, up to immediate separation from employment.

Violations of local, state, and federal laws pertaining to the manufacture, distribution, possession, or use of drugs.

Consequences of Violations of the Alcohol and/or Drug Policy
If an employee engages in any prohibited conduct, the consequences of that action will be corrective action up to and including immediate separation from employment, depending upon the College's view of the seriousness of the offense. Although the College offers resources to help an employee overcome substance abuse, nothing in this policy will insulate an employee from corrective action for unprofessional conduct, poor work performance, or violations of attendance requirements which may have been induced by drugs or alcohol, up to and including separation from employment. The College's response to violations on campus of local, state, and federal law includes referral for prosecution.

An employee who is required to drive a College vehicle or a personal vehicle in order to perform his/her job duties must maintain a valid driver's license. An employee who is required to drive for College business must not have had a conviction for driving under the influence/driving while intoxicated within the past 24 months. If an employee's license is suspended or revoked for any reason, and/or an employee is convicted of driving under the influence, the employee must promptly notify Human Resources. The employee may be reassigned to other job duties, if practical as determined solely by the College, or employment may be terminated.

Substance Abuse Testing
When it has been established by Franklin & Marshall that testing an employee for drug and/or alcohol use is warranted based on reasonable suspicion of violation of this policy, the College will require the employee to undergo testing. Before testing is required, the supervisor/department manager is to consult with the HR Department. Reasonable suspicion testing may be based upon:

direct observation of drug or alcohol use or possession by a College employee while working, in the workplace, or on campus before or during working hours;

observable physical symptoms of being under the influence of a drug or alcohol while working that lead a supervisor to conclude that an employee may not be fit for duty;

unsafe, erratic, or disruptive behavior in the workplace that a supervisor could reasonably conclude may be due to drug or alcohol use.

Whenever possible, a supervisor who suspects an employee is under the influence of a drug or alcohol while working is to immediately contact his/her department manager, or the HR Department, to witness the employee's behavior. The supervisor must also carefully document what he/she has observed. Generally, an employee who is believed to be under the influence while at work will be transported to Lancaster General Hospital for drug and/or alcohol testing. A refusal to submit to a drug and/or alcohol test, or refusal to allow results to be released to the College, may result in disciplinary action, up to and including termination of employment. Typically, an employee will be suspended without pay pending the results of an alcohol and/or drug test. The employee must receive a "negative" test - one that shows the employee is free from impairment due to illegal drugs, illegally prescribed drugs, and alcohol - before being permitted to return to work.

If an employee acknowledges that he/she is under the influence while working, the employee will be provided with transportation home. Disciplinary action, including a mandatory referral for evaluation and substance abuse treatment, testing for drugs and/or alcohol for some period of time, unpaid time off work, or employment termination, may result. In addition, the employee may be required to undergo drug and/or alcohol testing, and obtain a negative test, before returning to work.

Note: if a supervisor believes an employee is under the influence of drugs or alcohol while at work, the supervisor is to arrange for the employee to be safely transported to Lancaster General Hospital for testing or to the employee's home (after consulting with the HR Department).

Paid Sick Leave Policy for Faculty
Leave Policies

This Paid Sick Leave Policy provides a means for eligible full-time faculty members to receive salary continuation as outlined below when unable to work due to their bona fide non-occupational illness or injury. Earned paid sick days may also be used by a faculty member who is unable to work due to her pregnancy and/or following childbirth.

Eligibility
Full-time faculty members, including full-time visiting faculty on a greater than one-year appointment, are eligible for sick leave, with salary continuation, as outlined below.

Paid Sick Leave
Beginning with the first year of employment, a full-time faculty member is eligible for sick leave, with continuation of base salary, based on length of full-time Franklin & Marshall service, according to the following schedule: